Youngblood thinks there's always tomorrow. I miss your touch some nights when I'm hollow. I know you crossed a bridge that I can't follow. Since the love that you left is all that I get. I want you to know. That if I can't be close to you. I'll settle for the ghost of you. I miss you more than life. And if you can't be next to me. Your memory is ecstasy. I miss you more than life. I miss you more than life. Youngblood thinks there's always tomorrow. I need more time, but time can't be borrowed. I'd leave it all behind if I could follow. Since the love that you left is all that I get. I want you to know. That if I can't be close to you. I'll settle for the ghost of you. I miss you more than life. And if you can't be next to me. Your memory is ecstasy. I miss you more than life. I miss you more than life. If I can't be close to you. I'll settle for the ghost of you. I miss you more than life. And if you can't be next to me. Your memory is ecstasy. I miss you more than life. I miss you more than life
When the world was ending, I'd hold you in my arms. And we talked about the places we'd never been. When the world was ending, we'd hold on to the past. 'Cause it's all we thought that we would ever see. But then the sun came right back. And the birds sang as if nothin' had happened. And it's alright, it's okay, we will get another day. To begin again, to begin again, to begin again. I don't know how, I don't know why, but I know that I will try. To begin again, to begin again, to begin. To live and love and breathe again. When the world was endin', we looked up at the sky. And we talked about the last song that we played. So far from comprehending, they lift us to the stars (lift us). Never seen each other from so far away. But then the sun came right back. And the kids played as if nothin' had happened. And it's alright, it's okay, we will get another day. To begin again, to begin again, to begin again. I don't know how, I don't know why, but I know that I will try. To begin again, to begin again, to begin. To live and love and breathe again. And cry because I'm happy. And hold my friends like long lost lovers. Be kind to me and love each other. The world keeps spinnin' on. And it's alright, it's okay, we will get another day. I don't know how, I don't when. But I do know that we can. Try to begin again, to begin again, to begin. To live and love and breathe again
Wise men say. Only fools rush in. But I can't help falling in love with you. Shall I stay?. Would it be a sin?. If I can't help falling in love with you. Like a river flows. Surely to the sea. Darling, so it goes. Some things are meant to be. So take my hand. Take my whole life, too. For I can't help falling in love with you. Like a river flows. Surely to the sea. Darling, so it goes. Some things are meant to be. So take my hand. Take my whole life, too. For I can't help falling in love with you. For I can't help falling in love with you
Loving and fighting, accusing, denying. I can't imagine a world with you gone. The joy and the chaos, the demons we're made of. I'd be so lost if you left me alone. You locked yourself in the bathroom. Lying on the floor when I break through. I pull you in to feel your heartbeat. Can you hear me screaming? Please don't leave me. Hold on, I still want you. Come back, I still need you. Let me take your hand, I'll make it right. I swear to love you all my life. Hold on, I still need you. Long endless highway, you're silent beside me. Driving a nightmare I can't escape from. Helplessly praying, the light isn't fading. Hiding the shock and the chill in my bones. They took you away on a table. I pace back and forth as you lay still. They pull you in to feel your heartbeat. Can you hear me screaming? Please don't leave me. Hold on, I still want you. Come back, I still need you. Let me take your hand, I'll make it right. I swear to love you all my life. Hold on, I still need you. I don't wanna let go. I know I'm not that strong. I just wanna hear you. Saying, "Baby, let's go home". Let's go home. Yeah, I just wanna take you home. Hold on, I still want you. Come back, I still need you
These are the days I will remember. These are the faces I need most. Everythin' changes but I'll keep forever. These days I will remember, these days I will remember. Still got that trophy that said second place. Still got that breakup letter from my old flame. And I know it's been too long to recall it right. But you don't forget the goodbyes. And you don't forget the good times. Still got that scar from my one and only fight. Still remember when your father left, and we drove all night. And I know it's been too long to recall it right. But you don't forget the goodbyes. And you don't forget the good times. No, you don't forget the goodbyes. And you don't forget the good times. These are the days I will remember. These are the faces I need most. Everythin' changes but I'll keep forever. These days I will remember, these days I will remember. Still got that blanket from when you were born. That night, love hit me like a heavy storm. And I know it's been too long to recall it right. But you don't forget the goodbye. And you don't forget the good times. No, you don't forget the goodbye. And you don't forget the good times. These are the days I will remember. These are the faces I need most. Everythin' changes but I'll keep forever. These days I will remember, these days I will remember. These are the days I will remember. These are the faces I want close. If everythin' changes and we're not together. These days I will remember, these days I will remember. These days I will remember. Sometimes you know it's time to go. But you just wanna hold on, hold on. Sometimes you know it's time to go. But you just wanna hold on, hold on. Hold on. These are the days I will remember (days I will remember). These are the faces I need most (faces I need most). Everythin' changes but I'll keep forever. These days I will remember (days I will remember). These days I will remember (days I will be). These are the days I will remember. These are the faces I want close (faces I want close). If everythin' changes and we're not together. These days I will remember, these days I will remember. These days I will remember
Say something, I'm giving up on you. I'll be the one, if you want me to. Anywhere, I would've followed you. Say something, I'm giving up on you. And I am feeling so small. It was over my head. I know nothing at all. And I will stumble and fall. I'm still learning to love. Just starting to crawl. Say something, I'm giving up on you. I'm sorry that I couldn't get to you. Anywhere, I would've followed you. Say something, I'm giving up on you. And I will swallow my pride. You're the one that I love. And I'm saying goodbye. Say something, I'm giving up on you. And I'm sorry that I couldn't get to you. And anywhere, I would've followed you, oh-oh. Say something, I'm giving up on you. Say something, I'm giving up on you. Say something
Well, you done, done me in, you bet I felt it. I tried to be chill, but you're so hot that I melted. I fell right through the cracks. Now I'm trying to get back. Before the cool done run out, I'll be givin' it my bestest. And nothing's gonna stop me but divine intervention. I reckon it's again my turn. To win some or learn some. But I won't hesitate no more, no more. It cannot wait, I'm yours. Well, open up your mind and see like me. Open up your plans and, damn, you're free. Look into your heart, and you'll find love, love, love, love. Listen to the music of the moment people dance and sing. We're just one big family. And it's our godforsaken right to be loved, loved, loved, loved, loved. So I won't hesitate no more, no more. It cannot wait, I'm sure. There's no need to complicate, our time is short. This is our fate, I'm yours. Do, do, do, do you. But do you, do you, do, do. But do you want to come on?. Scooch on over closer, dear. And I will nibble your ear. I've been spending way too long checking my tongue in the mirror. And bending over backwards just to try to see it clearer. But my breath fogged up the glass. And so I drew a new face and I laughed. I guess what I'll be saying is there ain't no better reason. To rid yourself of vanities and just go with the seasons. It's what we aim to do. Our name is our virtue. But I won't hesitate no more, no more. It cannot wait, I'm yours. Open up your mind and see like me. Open up your plans and, damn, you're free. Look into your heart, and you'll find that the sky is yours. So please don't, please don't, please don't. There's no need to complicate. 'Cause our time is short. This, oh, this, oh, this is our fate. I'm yours. Oh, I'm yours. Oh, I'm yours. Oh, whoa-oh. Baby, do believe I'm yours. You best believe, you best believe I'm yours
Do you hear me? I'm talking to you. Across the water across the deep blue ocean. Under the open sky, oh my, baby, I'm trying. Boy, I hear you in my dreams. I feel your whisper across the sea. I keep you with me in my heart. You make it easier when life gets hard. Lucky I'm in love with my best friend. Lucky to have been where I have been. Lucky to be coming home again. Ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh. They don't know how long it takes. Waiting for a love like this. Every time we say goodbye. I wish we had one more kiss. I'll wait for you, I promise you, I will. I'm lucky I'm in love with my best friend. Lucky to have been where I have been. Lucky to be coming home again. Lucky we're in love in every way. Lucky to have stayed where we have stayed. Lucky to be coming home someday. And so I'm sailing through the sea. To an island where we'll meet. You'll hear the music fill the air. I'll put a flower in your hair. Though the breezes, through the trees. Move so pretty you're all I see. As the world keeps spinning round. You hold me right here right now. Lucky I'm in love with my best friend. Lucky to have been where I have been. Lucky to be coming home again. I'm lucky we're in love in every way. Lucky to have stayed where we have stayed. Lucky to be coming home someday. Ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh. Ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh. Ooh-ooh-ooh
One look and I can't catch my breath. Two souls into one flesh. When you're not next to me. I'm incomplete. 'Cause I'm on fire. Like a thousand suns. I couldn't put it out. Even if I wanted to. These flames tonight. Look into my eyes. And say you want me too. Like I want you. Oh love, let me see inside your heart. All the cracks and broken parts. The shadows in the light. There's no need to hide. 'Cause I'm on fire. Like a thousand suns. I couldn't put it out. Even if I wanted to. These flames tonight. Look into my eyes. And say you want me too. Like I want you. It's like a hunger in me. Yeah, it's never ending. Yeah, I'll burn for you. (I'll burn for you). It's like a hunger in me. Yeah, it's never ending. Yeah, I'll burn for you. (I'll burn for you). I'm on fire. Like a thousand suns. I couldn't put it out. Even if I wanted to. These flames tonight. Look into my eyes. And say you want me too. Like I want you. I got a hunger in me. I got a hunger in me
